SRVCOM-1373: Add CR sections for serverless components (#35924)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/knative-serving-CRD-system-deployments.adoc

[id="knative-serving-CRD-system-deployments_{context}"]
= Overriding system deployment configurations

> You can override the default configurations for some specific deployments by modifying the `deployments` spec in the `KnativeServing` custom resource definition (CD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the default configurations for some specific deployments by modifying the `deployments` spec in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).
```

Currently, overriding default configuration settings for the `replicas`, `labels`, `annotations`, and `nodeSelector` fields are supported.

> The following `KnativeServing` CRD example overrides the `webhook` deployment so that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `KnativeServing` CRDexample overrides the `webhook` deployment so that:
```

* The deployment has 3 replicas.
* The label is set to `example-label: label`.
* The annotation is set to `example-annotation: annotation`.
* The `nodeSelector` field is set to use the `hdd` disk type.

[NOTE]
====

> The `KnativeServing` CRD label and annotation settings override the webhook's labels and annotations for both deployments and pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `KnativeServing` CR label and annotation settings override the deployment's labels and annotations for both the deployment itself and the resulting pods.
```
